Oath uh uh no no
Mr. Shen
Do you have any questions?
Ask, I know everything
Tell me where Shen Tian is
Mr. Shen Shen
I'm not in this with him.
The bad things he did
I didn't participate in a word
So you know
Well, where is he?
He is in Miguan
secret pass
Mr. Shen
Huanyu Group not only cancelled its cooperation with us
Still so protective of the Ye family
Help the Ye family against you three times and twice
Do you want me to do him for you?
Don't worry.
The power of Huanyu Group in the military transportation of the building is insufficient
It's just that this Ye family is really too difficult to raise
It's Shen Yan, the son-in-law of the Ye family
He does it fast every time.
Shen Yan
You are still no match for me
This time
I want to completely destroy all the properties of the Ye family
I want Shen Yan and Ye
Home is lost forever in this world
Don't worry, my Shen family will sponsor you.
The Qin family also attacked all the enterprises of the Ye family
Depress their market value
Acquire their stock
I want to let all the enterprises of the Ye family
That's my house too